Update documentation for Linux networking V3 (#16)
ipdk-io/p4cp-userguide: docs/apps/lnw/es2k/es2k-lnw-overlay-vms.md

Prerequisites:

- For Linux Networking V2

>   - Download `hw-p4-programs` TAR file specific to the build and extract it to get `fxp-net_linux-networking-v2` P4 artifacts. Go through `Limitations` specified in `README` and bring up the config accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Download `hw-p4-programs` TAR file compliant with the CI build image and extract it to get `fxp-net_linux-networking-v2` P4 artifacts. Go through `Limitations` specified in `README` and bring up the config accordingly.
```

Couple of points:
* "specific to the build" is not clear, so posting a suggestion here for clarity
* "Go through Limitations ... and bring up setup" seems a bit odd way of phrasing for bringup. Perhaps a better way to say could be to "Check readme for bringup guide, and be sure to check limitation for known issues"?

  - Follow steps mentioned in [Deploying P4 Programs for E2100](/guides/es2k/deploying-p4-programs) for bringing up IPU with a custom P4 package.
Modify `load_custom_pkg.sh` with following parameters for linux_networking package:

    ```text
       sed -i 's/sem_num_pages = 1;/sem_num_pages = 25;/g' $CP_INIT_CFG
       sed -i 's/lem_num_pages = 1;/lem_num_pages = 10;/g' $CP_INIT_CFG
       sed -i 's/acc_apf = 4;/acc_apf = 16;/g' $CP_INIT_CFG
    ```

- For Linux Networking V3

>   - Download `hw-p4-programs` TAR file specific to the build and extract it to get `fxp-net_linux-networking-v3` P4 artifacts. Go through `Limitations` specified in `README` and bring up the config accordingly.

Reviewer: same comment as above, as noted in the v2 section

Author: please check my comment above

## Creating the topology

- For Linux Networking V2
  Follow steps mentioned in [Running Infrap4d on Intel E2100](/guides/es2k/running-infrap4d.md) for starting `infrap4d` process and creating protobuf binary for `fxp-net_linux-networking-v2` P4 program.

> - For Linux Networking V3

Reviewer: This can be consolidated and repeated text

Author: I don't want to consolidate it since they should be looking for fxp-net_linux-networking-v2.p4 or fxp-net_linux-networking-v3.p4

Once the application is started, set the forwarding pipeline config using
P4Runtime Client `p4rt-ctl` set-pipe command

- For Linux Networking V2

  ```bash
     $P4CP_INSTALL/bin/p4rt-ctl set-pipe br0 $OUTPUT_DIR/fxp-net_linux-networking-v2.pb.bin \
     $OUTPUT_DIR/p4info.txt
  ```

- For Linux Networking V3

  ```bash

>      $P4CP_INSTALL/bin/p4rt-ctl set-pipe br0 $OUTPUT_DIR/fxp-net_linux-networking-v3.pb.bin \

Reviewer: This can be consolidated since its the same command. Only the filename changes (which the user may also choose to name anything)

Author: IPU SDK will have the binaries built with compatible compiler, so customer can run them directly and naming is based on P4 program. That's the reason I kept it separate. Let me know if this is okay

- Corresponding port representor VSI value 9
- If a VSI is used as an action, add an offset of 16 to the VSI value

- For Linux Networking V2

  ```bash
     # Create a source port for an overlay VF (VSI-27). Source port value should be VSI ID + 16.
      p4rt-ctl add-entry br0 linux_networking_control.tx_source_port_v4 \
      "vmeta.common.vsi=27,zero_padding=0,action=linux_networking_control.set_source_port(43)"
   ```

- For Linux Networking V3

  ```bash
     # Create a source port for an overlay VF (VSI-27). Source port value should be VSI ID + 16.
      p4rt-ctl add-entry br0 linux_networking_control.tx_source_port_v4 \

>       "vmeta.common.vsi=27/2047,action=linux_networking_control.set_source_port(43)"

Reviewer: What is the `/2047` here after the VSI id?

Author: it's the mask, since the table is now ternary in v3 instead of SEM
